protobuf upb memory accumulation fix (#6727)
cylc/cylc-flow: changes.d/6727.fix.md

> A memory leak effecting both scheduler and UI server has been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a memory leak affecting both scheduler and UI server.
```

Author: reapplied
